[Music]
John wick loses his wife Helen to a
terminal illness he receives a beagle
puppy named Daisy to help him cope with
his grief he connects with the puppy and
they spend their day driving around in
his vintage 1969 Ford Mustang Mach 1 at
a gas station he encounters a trio of
Russian gangsters whose leader Yosef
Tarasov insists on buying his car that
John refuses to sell it the mobsters
follow John to his home that night knock
him unconscious steal his car and kill
Daisy Joseph takes the Mustang to a chop
shop run by Aurelio to have the vehicle
identification number changed Aurelio
recognizes the car and upon learning
that yosef stole it from John punches
him before throwing him out of his shop
John visits Aurelio who tells him Joseph
is the son of Viggo Tarasov the head of
the Russian crime syndicate in New York
City Vigo informed by Aurelio of yosef
actions - John
beets and burrata civ and explains to
him who John wick is John was formerly
an assassin nicknamed Baba Yaga
translated in the film as Russian for
boogeyman due to his lethal works when
John wanted to retire and Mary Helen
Vigo gave him an impossible task implied
to involve multiple assassinations in a
short period of time
John succeeded and his efforts were key
in establishing the Tarasov syndicate
Vigo tries to talk John out of seeking
retribution but John silently refuses
Vigo then sends a 12 man hit squad to
John's house but John kills them all and
has the bodies professionally removed a
nun surprised Vigo places a two million
dollar bounty on John's head and
personally offers the contract to John's
mentor Marcus John seeks refuge at the
Continental Hotel which caters
exclusively to the criminal underworld
and permits no business on its premises
Vigo doubles the bounty for those
willing to break the rules to kill John
at the Continental John learns from
Winston the Continentals owner that Vigo
has Yosef protected at his nightclub the
red circle John enters the red circle
and kills his way to Yosef but Viggo's
henchman gets in John's way allowing
Yosef to escape John retreats to the
Continental to patch up his injuries
miss Perkins an assassin and former
acquaintance sneaks into John's room to
kill him the Marcus alerts John allowing
him to subdue Perkins he forces Perkins
to reveal the location of Viggo's front
knocks her unconscious and leaves her
with fell
assassin Harry to await punishment
however Perkins frees herself and kills
Harry John travels to the little Russia
Church which serves as Viggo's Front and
destroys Viggo's cache of money and
blackmail material when Viggo and his
team arrive John ambushes them but he is
subdued and captured Viggo taunts John
for thinking he could leave his old life
behind before John can be killed
Markus intervenes again allowing John to
free himself and accost Viggo who
reveals yosef location John then travels
to yosef safehouse and kills him and his
body yards Perkins learns that John and
Markus have been in contact and tells
Viggo who has Marcus beaten for
information before executing him in his
home Viggo calls John to report this
planning to have Perkins ambush him
Perkins is called to a meeting with
Winston who has her executed for
breaking the Continentals rules when she
killed Harry on hotel premises
Winston calls John to inform him that
Viggo was planning to escape by
helicopter
John races to the harbour helipad where
he kills Viggo's remaining henchmen
before engaging Viggo in a brutal brawl
on the dock Viggo pulls a knife but John
allows himself to be stabbed surprising
Viggo John then disarms and fatally
wounds Viggo wounded himself John stops
at a waterfront Animal Clinic to treat
his wound and takes with him a pitbull
puppy which was scheduled to be
euthanized John and the dog walk home
along the boardwalk where he had his
last date with Helen
[Music]
[Applause]